Richelle Direny: Are you
Richelle Direny: Thank you.
tim: Yep, no problem.
tim: I'm tired.
You
tim: Know, I don't have a job.
Richelle Direny: When was the last time you met with Jody
tim: Maybe a
tim: Month or month and a half.
Richelle Direny: Pulling up your file here so I can see what
Richelle Direny: The goal was working on it.
tim: There's some things like
tim: Been hidden group that you need to know like I i don't work isolate myself. I live with my two alcoholic parents who are sometimes here listening to me in the background.
tim: Is pretty much stay in my room all day. Try not to
tim: Talk to them because whenever I talk to them cause conflict.
tim: I used to be a dealer. I have a friend style like to a month. It seems like
tim: Like concurrent you said
Richelle Direny: What friends a month.
tim: I have like two friends a month. I like every month.
Richelle Direny: Okay. What I helped me understand when you say you have two friends on one
tim: I have two friends die every much
tim: Like people. I grew up with overdose dad Sam way.
Richelle Direny: OH two friends die. I thought you sent over. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's so. You said that they are active. I'll call it
tim: Um, people. I grew up with.
tim: Not necessarily people I give my life anymore just people. I grew up with like best friends and
tim: I don't talk to anybody anymore anymore. You
Richelle Direny: Said that you live with your parents for alcoholics.
tim: We barely communicate, like they're either at work or they're drinking and I'm up in my room all the time.
tim: Only
Richelle Direny: How long have you been living with
tim: Well, I had to be here for a minute because I got Nigella together, but from age 16 so myself to military school because I was already getting kicked out of the house, a lot and I went there got 15 college because my GED a colony.
tim: And
tim: And one from there to living by myself in Kalamazoo I got myself my own apartment and started going to college and working
tim: I didn't know so I didn't have to deal with them.
tim: And then from like there on out. I would bounced around, you know, living food a whole lot of different places. Once I had stopped working the college angle and wasn't allowed to even sleep on the back porch here if I needed to. So I haven't been
tim: Back and my parents life until recently.
tim: I don't choose to be here. I'm just stuck here at the moment.
tim: I had to pay a lot of court fees and a lot to my tether off so I'm digging myself out of that hole so I can go take myself out of this whole get out of here.
Richelle Direny: So your current plan is is working on the are you currently on probation or no.
No.
Richelle Direny: So just from a financial standpoint, you're working on.
Richelle Direny: Going back on your own.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So how are you able to do that if you're not working.
tim: I'm trying to figure it out. It's hard for me to work a job because it's hard for me to be around other people deal with other people. I have a lot of issues.
tim: Like a mental breakdown, like a couple months back, where, you know, people were all people were
tim: I was getting I still get death threats, but I was getting specific death as a beautiful shops in my house with guns and then
tim: Followed me around my neighborhood and then stop me with guns are up and shirts and the only reason, nothing happened is because I stepped into a guy's DRIVEWAY. THAT HAD A camera and at pointed out to them.
tim: And I went through like a bout of hypervigilance my doctor all the
tim: Step for four days and and be goofy. And I think that my dreams are real. And I think that these people are out to get me and
tim: I think that the TV was like linked to my heart line that I hear like flanks going off outside and like like riots and people coming
tim: And explosions and shit and people shooting out the windows parents getting very freaked out because they don't know what's going on and they don't know it's real or not.
tim: And then so they took me to the hospital and I begged them not to leave me alone for the night that they kept me there and all throughout the night I was having crazy
tim: Paranoia paranoid delusions and screaming and these nurses weren't helping my parents finally came back and they're like, all we shouldn't have left you alone overnight I and I just like wanted to fuck and scream at him like
tim: Banks.
tim: I got out of that I'm still working on the paranoia, I have to keep a certain level of hyper vigilance, because people are out to harm me that's a real thing like made up.
tim: There's still like you know noises i here and and stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: What did you say your diagnosis.
tim: I don't know. I've gotten a lot of different diagnosis says
tim: I don't agree with a whole lot of them except bipolar multiple personality.
Richelle Direny: When did you get diagnosed with multiple personality.
tim: I've had, I've been diagnosed and seen doctors since I was 14 so I've had a ton of diagnosis is that I could tell you, but I don't think they're accurate.
Richelle Direny: Where did you ever go see like psychologists or did they did.
Many
tim: Many since I was a child, many psychiatrists, psychologists many
tim: Tried every drug every prescription medication that you could try on child I was on it bonbons all since I was 14 years old.
tim: I'm
tim: Not done done all that
Richelle Direny: I mean, I think a lot of people who pay and I in the past.
Richelle Direny: I've heard people with diagnosis, where I've been question like, where do you get such a diagnosis.
tim: Right, so I do see a therapist outside of this group and I have a psychologist or psychiatrist who prescribes my prescription meds, um,
tim: But I am working on things myself. Yeah, I see a therapist like twice a month outside of here.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um,
Richelle Direny: And that's for the for your mental illness or their coats for Co occurring.
Richelle Direny: Mental illness and substance.
tim: For me to. Yeah, figure out
tim: Those things. I wouldn't put a label on it.
tim: I'd say it's for everything.
tim: Not, not focused on one thing or another.
Richelle Direny: Let's see here that
tim: There's obviously no need to be seeing somebody so
tim: It is obvious that I need to be seeing somebody so yeah
Richelle Direny: I just wanted to see why.
tim: So like sometimes there's some things in groups that if you just don't know and I don't feel comfortable saying I'll just, I'll just say that
tim: I don't know if you'd be able to get everything that you need to know about me in a session. That's why I asked for this warm one because there's a lot of questions that maybe you should ask.
tim: So that I don't have to answer them and be embarrassed in front of a group
Richelle Direny: So in the in the two sessions are in the two groups that we've attended what I'm what questions were asked that for you felt
tim: No, no, nothing like that. I'm just trying to avoid that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, trying to avoid. Okay.
Richelle Direny: I mean, but overall, in terms of, like, even with the isolation, it sounds like. Is it is it um
Richelle Direny: You have social anxiety is one of your diagnosis as one of your diagnosis. Sure.
Richelle Direny: You said sure, as in like, okay, I'll go with that or is it actually
tim: I don't trust people I don't trust anybody.
tim: I paranoia paranoid delusions.
Richelle Direny: Will come
Richelle Direny: Out. Now, in turn, now how is it for the groups, given that you're in a group setting and you're having to share or speak and sometimes questions are asked how does that, you know,
tim: Really have a problem, whether they're just like sometimes my answers can be good. Oh, personal to where the the therapist might understand, but the rest of the people grew my not
tim: Because they don't want my life just like anybody else.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Well, how in the length of time or over the years that you've been in therapy. How has that in terms of working and you say you work with multiple therapists.
tim: So that since I was 14 years old. Yeah, I can see it's lose of therapists and psychiatrists
Richelle Direny: And in that time in terms of your social anxiety in your parents haven't gotten worse over the years, or has it gotten better.
tim: No gun. I mean, like,
tim: My anxiety is a little bit more under control. But no, I had a mental breakdown, like a couple months ago and thought crazy
tim: And what was no delusion. So I wouldn't say that I compost mantas know
Now, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now I can now I can see maybe one aspect of the mental breakdown. You did say that you go you went, what, four days without sleep, you said
tim: Four days without sleep watching windows in my house and shadow people in the backyard. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yeah, four days without sleep. I mean, listen. On the fourth day
tim: None. I think that my dreams are real and actually happening and
Richelle Direny: Yes, that's a perfect recipe for a psychological
tim: Breakdown. Right, right. I know.
Richelle Direny: You're not sleeping. Now what was going on that led you to not sleep. Is it like we're
tim: getting death threats and people showed up to my house and then people followed me around the neighborhood with guns.
Richelle Direny: Okay and this one.
tim: Was more than normal just death threats, where I brush them off. And so you are people roll up on me and mega threat or want to fight this is different.
Richelle Direny: Now is this due to because you did say that at one point you were a dealer. Do you think that that period of time that you weren't
Richelle Direny: Yes, that's part of what was kind of
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Okay. And how long ago did you stop.
Richelle Direny: Feeling
tim: Stuck dealing um
tim: I don't know.
tim: Once I got over
tim: A soul. I used to sell medication, a little bit, but I've stopped doing that.
tim: Probably for like a
tim: year, year and a half and selling drugs.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So about a year and a half. And so that here. Is it that wherever you were, were you dealing for someone like working for someone
tim: Oh no, I, I get the medications myself and I sell them or I
tim: Kill you or something, or I get front of the sheets of acid or vials, the acid or Academy and GMT Moscow and show like that and solid
Richelle Direny: Okay, so there were things that you were selling your old medication for selling and
tim: I'm also able to get front hallucinogens and solemn
tim: And big quantities.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: I'm just trying to with all of the years of therapy that you've been going through that you said that you've been a part of the paranoia someone have gotten worse.
Richelle Direny: I would say maybe in the last six months to a year has the doctor increase, decrease
tim: Change. Yeah, increased put me on the on Conan yeah it's been helping a lot
tim: For me on different not sleep notes that also help with my wife polar well so that helps a lot as well.
Richelle Direny: Now,
tim: All the medication and gather makes me feel emotionally numb. I feel like Suboxone robbed me of every, every everything I want I wake up in the morning I take my meds and I have no desire to get out of bed or do anything. I have no energy for it.
tim: I'm so dedicated that I I hate it. I'm trying to get off of it. I'm trying to get off Suboxone as well. But for right now it's my safe. You know, so
tim: I'm working on.
tim: Working on that.
Richelle Direny: So you're you're actively working on getting off of Suboxone
tim: No, don't put that in my file.
tim: To be working on taking less Mads,
Richelle Direny: Well, one. Okay, so let me reword that then I mean we've heard that.
Richelle Direny: It's not
tim: Reducing my dose Suboxone I don't have interest in reducing I don't want that my file are also good asked it every single time. And when I'm ready. I will let you know.
Richelle Direny: Either way, just follow just hear what hear my question.
Richelle Direny: Your question.
Richelle Direny: Overall, like I was discussing group or anywhere else. I mean, in your own in anyone's own time.
Richelle Direny: If they want to taper off of any medication. They do that in their own time and that is the conversation that you have with your, your physician or whoever's prescribing medication.
Richelle Direny: I'm from a clinical standpoint, from my standpoint, I mean, I can't take you off or reduce your K for you. I can't do any of that only the your primary or the doctor to do that or whoever's prescribing medication can do that.
Richelle Direny: My
Richelle Direny: My question is more related to your ultimate goal.
Richelle Direny: Because as
Richelle Direny: I think it was no I think he was in another group, but in a group, you would hear me only safe when it's all said and done, as a matter of fact, in the group last night with the with the statement that I'm that I read the little blurb that I read the group discussion was good.
tim: I Don't Think things will ever change with my parents, no matter how much I try, no matter how much things have proven to them.
tim: They didn't put up cameras in the house. It's like I could wear a body cam I would
tim: BEFORE I GO ANYWHERE I COULD questioned up and down and it causes a fight between my parents. And when I get home. I get questioned up and down and causes a fight between me and my parents.
tim: And I'm telling the truth. I've been telling them the truth for a very long time and I will never an inch of
tim: Any of their respect or or truth or anything.
tim: They will never change it.
Richelle Direny: I'm not talking about your parents because you're, you're not in counseling, you're not working your program because of your parents, you're working your program for you.
tim: I'm doing fine right now.
Richelle Direny: But just now, you talked about, you know, overall, you find that for you. The medication. What makes you emotionally numb and is
Richelle Direny: Do you think that's a good place to be who you want to be emotionally numb.
tim: Or do I mean sometimes isolation is better than
tim: I need to be taking this time to work on myself. It doesn't really bother me. People aren't asking of me to I told my parents that I mean I
tim: I do shoot the shit around the house but like I've stopped asking them to tell me to get a job I've stopped asking them to expect so much man because they need to back off because I need to take this time for myself so I'm not
tim: I'm not liking it, but I am dealing with it.
Richelle Direny: So you're not liking.
Richelle Direny: The situation. The, the numbness that it cause you're not liking the whole big picture, but you're you're learning how to cope with it and deal with it because, in your mind, there's
tim: Well, I used to be on three and fall asleep all day so I got came over from that.
tim: I used to be on so much medication that fall asleep on the bus. I fall asleep and meetings on a show like that so
Richelle Direny: No.
tim: Getting better
Richelle Direny: So, but, again, going back to my question and hear me out before you answer.
tim: I'm sorry, I guess.
tim: Maybe it takes a long time for you to
tim: Ask the question.
tim: I'm sorry if I'm interrupting, maybe I don't see a question coming like
What
Richelle Direny: Do you want to be in a place or do you want to work towards being in a place where you're no longer emotionally numb and that you're actually working on pulling back the mandate to get to the core of your, your issues.
Who would
tim: Who would it
Richelle Direny: You're right. Who wouldn't, but this question is specifically for you because in one breath. You say, Well, I'm fine. Right now, but then in another. You said that I'm emotionally numb and based on my observation of you in the short amount of time that I've had an interaction with you.
Richelle Direny: You are some, will you come across somewhat robotic
tim: In terms of, I mean, I mean, I'm fine. As in, I'm not a time bomb here. I'm not thinking of going out and doing things and using I don't ever think you using the heaven for years. I'm not waiting. I'm not about to jump ship and go run anywhere. I'm fine. Like, I'm ready. I'm
tim: The one on stage will be working on this and also say in the same sense I fucking hate the life that I'm living
Richelle Direny: I agree I i get that from day one I get back from everything that you said
Richelle Direny: How and in what you're saying you'd like you said what you just said.
Richelle Direny: I would take it more on the extreme end of the thought process or, you know, and I'm not thinking that way. And I'm not gathering that you're at that place, but where I am right now in my line of exploratory questioning is
Richelle Direny: Starting with you being emotionally numb and if your ultimate goal if your ultimate goal is to not be so emotionally numb.
Richelle Direny: Then it is identifying those issues in circumstances that keep you emotionally numb the medication, to some degree, maybe the the dose of it. Maybe you feel that way. But at the end of the day.
Richelle Direny: Your way of coping with all of your presenting
Richelle Direny: issues or problems.
Richelle Direny: Your way of dealing with it is just being numb is just saying, you know what I am numbing myself towards it. I don't want to feel because feeling it puts me in a place of discomfort.
tim: Saying I
tim: AM SAYING I do feel it. I'm not numb to
tim: I do feel feelings. I am learning how to deal with them off being drugs. I just don't deal with the situations that I'm in right now with my parents living here because there's nothing I can do about it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: Should I gather that if you were not
Richelle Direny: Living with them. If you were supposed to move out of the current situation that you were in it will put you in a better place to work through a lot of
tim: Yes, I needed to be out of here so that I can work on myself better
Richelle Direny: But that's not based on what you're saying that's not going to happen in the very near future. I
tim: hope it does.
tim: I'm on
What
Richelle Direny: I hope for you. It does too. But while you're if this last for the next month. We're just going to put it short term in the next month.
Richelle Direny: What can we work on are what are you working on to at least help to
Richelle Direny: Alleviate or get through some of your stress.
tim: I don't know. I don't know what to do with my parents anymore. We had a huge argument about me going and getting coffee and then leaving the house for two hours.
tim: And I had a huge argument with them asking them, you know, heart, trying to have a heart to heart with them and they wouldn't continue the conversation told me to go away.
tim: The my mom and my dad are communicating on the same level and brought something up to them. The other night that my mom agreed with my dad didn't
tim: Cause the huge fight between them. And I just shattered and said fuck it on so nevermind and caused a big fight between them. So I there's no i don't think that there's any
tim: Way to work with. So
tim: I don't, I don't see anything else I can do one here to make it easier for me besides isolated from them.
tim: Maybe the isolation will lead me into a job.
tim: I
Richelle Direny: isolating yourself also adds another level of
Richelle Direny: Anxiety, depression, anger that lead adds another level of you.
tim: What choice. Do I have
tim: What choice. I have but so I saw it hang out with people.
Richelle Direny: But then you said that you don't really trust people and
tim: I'm not injured and also not interested in going and hanging out with that one.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So when you say what choice do you have
Richelle Direny: Also not to hang out with him.
Richelle Direny: So,
tim: Going My friends or dad is just like, Who do I call the hang out with
tim: My brothers I've I'm brothers don't speak with me and my parents told them not to not to hang out with me.
Richelle Direny: You have any brothers. Do you have
Two.
Richelle Direny: And they all live in close proximity
tim: One of them was three blocks away and the other on yeah let's kind of be pretty close. They still with us.
tim: Not to like couple years ago. Have you tried out to them.
Richelle Direny: Outside of whatever your parents thing.
tim: Sure, but I view my parents is the final word. They say, Don't fuck with they can't fuck with them.
tim: They're not calling me to hang out there and I add me on Facebook, they're not talking to me. I don't
tim: See your talk to them unless holidays.
Richelle Direny: Are you older youngest middle
Younger
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: You also say that in there. When you say that their alcoholic, he said they're active or they have a history of
tim: My parents or my brother's your parents.
tim: Activists.
Richelle Direny: What is the most recent argument you had with them was when you went to get a cup of coffee.
tim: No, um, last night, a friend asked me if I wanted to go to the bar to shoot pool at 830 at night and I went downstairs and asked if that was cool. And my mom said it was my dad freaked out or and started a huge fight. I said, Fuck it. I'll stay home. I continued fighting until I went to bed.
Richelle Direny: Well, what is the relationship with your, your eyes, why you have to ask them okay for you.
tim: Because they don't trust me if I just up and left, then it would make them freak out more.
tim: And they put up cameras on the House to see what I'm doing.
Richelle Direny: What's the conflict between the both
tim: They don't trust me.
Richelle Direny: No, no. But you said once that it's fine. But then the other SEC know
tim: So it's like, because he doesn't trust me, they think I'm going to do some massive drug dealer crowd and do a bunch of cocaine or some shit or or whatever the fuck they think
tim: A 30 at night. Oh, no, no, those hours. Oh.
tim: I'm talking 12
Richelle Direny: One request that I do have Tim is to come down on the profanity.
tim: Sure.
Richelle Direny: So it is a pretty hard situation that you're in, based on what you're saying everything that you're sharing is a pretty hard situation, I can definitely understand how overwhelming that you're living in a home that you're not necessarily free
Richelle Direny: To be
tim: I'm also not wanted to hear.
Richelle Direny: What you say you're not wanted. But then, same time, who are living there.
tim: I mean, you don't want me to be here.
Richelle Direny: So what options, have they given you
tim: Options, have they given me.
tim: They haven't given me any options.
Richelle Direny: Now because you said they don't want you to be there, but you are living there. So it's kind of
Richelle Direny: A double negative
tim: Because it but my mom doesn't want me to disappear.
tim: Again, my dad wants to kick me out.
tim: So mom is enjoying the fact that
tim: She is getting to know her son, my dad is not comfortable with any of it doesn't want to get to know me now.
tim: That's the only reason why I'm here.
Richelle Direny: Well, the conflict is not so much with mom, dad,
Yes.
Richelle Direny: So have you a dad always had a strong relationship.
tim: Me and my dad don't communicate well, he doesn't communicate well with anybody. It's well known, our family.
Richelle Direny: Is your brother's have the same
tim: doesn't communicate well with my mother, so it doesn't communicate well with my brothers. He doesn't communicate well there's employment with those employees. I'm guessing their co workers.
tim: He'll is there. He works in a factory or he doesn't have to communicate with people.
tim: It's always been under certain my family. Don't try to talk me out. He is. He
tim: Is he won't be able to talk about it or you don't be able to talk about about it with you.
Richelle Direny: Without having to
Richelle Direny: In terms of how can I, because I also don't want to necessarily having to reinvent the wheel or start all over again from scratch, but
Richelle Direny: One moment. Let me just review this one second.
Richelle Direny: Dr.
Richelle Direny: Recommended getting off of the box.
tim: Nice. That guy just wants me all Suboxone so that we can work more in depth of last month.
Richelle Direny: So he does he feel that the Suboxone his contract indicated the segments that you're taking. Yes.
Richelle Direny: He know that you are back on the Suboxone
Richelle Direny: Yes you because you said that he put you on the line as a pan.
tim: Yes.
tim: Um, I told him that I would probably be off of it. I might be off of it by the next time I see him. I don't know.
tim: I just pulled down the back or I just fell down the top flight of stairs recently and fucked up my back and neck so he understands me wanting to be taking Suboxone went to the ER. They wanted to give me two months worth the percocet times. So it's a better choice.
Richelle Direny: Your brother works at a brewery, and he was trying to help you get a job. What happened to that.
tim: Um, the cooks already hired they're wanting to smoke weed.
tim: There was a bathroom. Next, the station where I work that has a window to the outside. I gave one of my pipes to smoke with they wanted smoked in there.
tim: And then when the boss asked, Why does it smell like weed and here they said, oh, Tim must be smoking dope in the bathroom. So I got fired for it, even though I did not do it.
Richelle Direny: And that also added to the reason why you don't trust people in on how
tim: I wouldn't say it helps, but it didn't make any thing better or worse.
tim: It's kind of what I expected.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Looking at one of the notes that you when you met with talks about not
Richelle Direny: Spirituality are not very spiritual, but given that there will be some for you to still be alive. We do believe that there is a higher power.
tim: Question.
Richelle Direny: No, I was just looking. What does that mean helped me to understand that when you say there's no reason for you to be alive. What you believe there is a higher power.
tim: Um, well, I started doing
tim: Was 14 and I've overdosed and God will cope with Narcan in the hospital like over 30 times I also overdosed on I was 15 on next to see and got a shock with the paddles, but to life.
tim: Than a lot of situations shoot out stabbings have been stabbed.
tim: A lot of stuff I shouldn't be alive or I felt like I got picked up out of my group of friends and everyone else died, and I didn't
tim: But I mean, like, there's a reason, I guess.
tim: I'm no longer wants to die.
tim: Because I see that there's some reason that I'm here.
Richelle Direny: To this point, I'm
Richelle Direny: Still feel like there is a power higher than yourself.
tim: Sure.
tim: I feel like you're focusing too much on that.
Richelle Direny: No, no, I'm not focusing any on anything. I'm just trying to understand your train of thought and I'm kind of what
Richelle Direny: Your beliefs and you know just understanding, a lot of the
tim: Coaches feel like my beliefs are very important than my addiction. It's like I answer on the server.
tim: Or America.
Richelle Direny: So help me then now to part of just the update just your plan, like, what, what are your, what is your goal. Your goal when you're trying to
tim: The main goal is to be fully recovered just like any other addict.
Richelle Direny: And to be fully recovered.
tim: It includes my mental state, not just my drug addiction.
Richelle Direny: Exactly and where that is concerned. Now what it is that we can work on to address.
tim: Outside
Richelle Direny: Outside of
Richelle Direny: What you're already working on in your
Richelle Direny: With your, your therapist. Your outpatient therapist.
tim: I don't really know. I feel like I'm already somewhat addressing it by being an in group answering questions with other people.
tim: I don't really know if there's something specific that we need to work on our life. There's a lot of things.
Richelle Direny: You said you feel like there's a lot of things.
tim: I said, I don't think it's one thing specific that we should work on. I feel like there's a lot of things, but it's that way with each individual
tim: My main focus has to be recovered.
Richelle Direny: If there is one thing that you can identify to say, you know what I would like to work on this, and I would like to address it.
tim: I honestly can't
tim: I'm trying, I'm thinking, and I can think it's to be recovered and I hope to be recovered.
tim: I, I can't think of one thing right now. I can't say my relationship with my parents because it's hard for me to talk in group.
tim: Because usually my parents are buzzing around me.
Richelle Direny: Well, this is not this is we're talking about individual nothing to do because group is very general. We're very general conversation.
tim: I know I mean like you and I are personals I guess to, like, this is the only time that I've had a
tim: session where my parents are imposing around me.
tim: Nothing I can really do about that the computers in the kitchen.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what is one goal that you're working on. Even though I know you talk a lot. You say a lot about your mental health in your individual there's nobody around you, it's just you and a therapist in a room, having a conversation
tim: I don't know. I already worked on my paranoia and social anxiety with my therapist with this there with you. I plan to work on my recovery and problems with addiction in everyday life and to be fully recovered.
tim: I don't know how else to answer that.
Richelle Direny: Even in recovery and you talk about your
tim: I don't, I don't, I'm sorry.
tim: I don't know how else to answer that.
Richelle Direny: That I understand that you don't know how to answer that. But as I said you have to allow me to finish my train of thought. But I don't want you to get aggravated or frustrated. Sorry.
Richelle Direny: To come only because I don't want you to be frustrated
I'm straight.
Richelle Direny: When we're looking at addiction.
Richelle Direny: There is
Richelle Direny: I'm feeling really overwhelmed and
tim: Well, I feel like you're, as you're trying to get the answer for this one question, and I get it. But I don't know how to answer, I'm trying to the best of my ability, and you're asking it in different ways, which was making me very irritated. Oh.
tim: I don't know how else to answer it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so then what we can do then is that
Richelle Direny: How often do you meet with your therapist outside
tim: Two times a month.
Richelle Direny: Every other week.
Richelle Direny: Also from
tim: What
Richelle Direny: You said two times a month. So I'm guessing there's every other week.
tim: Yeah, every other week. I see my other therapist and then once a month. I mean, with my addiction therapists and I also have to me. Who is my psychiatrist every other month
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: While it would be good to meet with you. But then that seems like a lot of therapy.
tim: Right. That's why I try to keep my addiction therapy to once a month because I also have to make meetings with Dr farago
tim: Every other Monday, which is
tim: There's just a lot of therapy going on.
Richelle Direny: A lot of therapy. There's a lot of therapy.
tim: Right. That's why I get overwhelmed and frustrated. So I apologize for that.
Richelle Direny: Probably it is a lot of therapy. I mean, what I can say is an I can recommend is that we can check in. Once a month.
Richelle Direny: Or once every other month
Richelle Direny: Or as needed. You know, if you just need that extra support as needed, because what I don't necessarily agree with is
Richelle Direny: When you have another therapist on the outside or other therapists and they're working on something you having to go through everything over and over again with every therapist.
tim: Yeah, I don't like that either, but as something that I have to do.
Richelle Direny: Well, when you say you have to do it. Remember in everything that we do. We have a choice. And so
tim: You know, you can, um, give me what I need.
Richelle Direny: For what do you mean
tim: Okay, so I have this. So it's therapy for my addiction and my recovery and I have that therapy for my are and also this for my meds.
tim: And I have that therapy for my day to day dealings and social anxiety and just by general stuff. So there's, it's like it's better
tim: To have a team working on those things I do understand that there is a lack of
tim: Of communication on some of those points, but I'm okay with that. And I'm more comfortable with that because there's some things that I'm more comfortable speaking with my other therapist, I am with my addiction therapists.
Richelle Direny: We would you mean that you're saying that you mean the two different therapists that you're working with on the outside. Right. That's what you're talking about. Right.
tim: I'm talking about you and I'm talking about the other therapists, the psychiatrist isn't doesn't isn't a therapist.
Richelle Direny: I agree with them. So I'm just, I'm just trying to get clarity in when you say that moving forward. If you meet with because yes, you're absolutely right when you're working with a team. But then we're not a team that necessarily communicates with each other. You're saying
tim: So, and I'm okay with that.
tim: Because I
tim: I feel like
tim: You you to be goal oriented as you that you should be focusing on my addiction on my recovery and she should be focusing on the, the things that I'm speaking about with her.
Richelle Direny: Yes, but if you already have an addiction therapists outside as well.
tim: She's not an addiction therapist.
tim: She's seeing me and I am I added, but she is not an addiction therapists much
Richelle Direny: So then I would be considered your addiction therapists is what you're saying yes you have the one for your mental illness, you have your psychiatrist that you see. And then there was me. Right, let's just a total of three people.
tim: Right, what
tim: Else. Is there a reason that I got.
tim: switched out of Jodi's Europe. I was just wondering, because I felt like I got kicked out of it because I missed our meaning.
Richelle Direny: No, no, you didn't get kicked out of it. God cut back completely on this program.
tim: Okay, I get that she was super wrapped up in a
Yeah, she was, she was, um,
Richelle Direny: I started to go over everything for her.
tim: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: I just, I was I'm sorry I was confused because I thought you had to other including your psychiatrist to on the surface.
Richelle Direny: So now.
tim: I see my psychiatrist from ads. Um, and then I see the therapist that doesn't here in the therapist doesn't even communicate with my psychiatrist. There was no like links between my mice. My second my bike. My psychiatrists my therapist and my addiction purpose.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but like I said for me.
Richelle Direny: The way I operate for me as a clinician, how I operate when you're looking at addiction therapy. I'm looking at the whole gamut. I'm looking at
Richelle Direny: Your addiction is one thing, but there's something that is causing the addiction.
tim: I understand that, but I don't think that our sessions there long enough for us to be able to capture the entire thing.
tim: And you can i know i don't want to have to lie to you, just to make it into this group.
Richelle Direny: None, and you're not. But remember, when you say that it's not long enough. Remember, there's always
tim: More sir. Yeah, I can do.
tim: More therapy. I can do.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, see, there isn't. You can never capture everything in one session, even with your beer outside that you can never do everything in one session you only deal with one issue at a time.
Richelle Direny: And
tim: I was kind of being sarcastic. I don't want to do more therapy. I'm doing
Richelle Direny: Okay, regardless if you're being sarcastic or not, but I'm just telling you the reality of, of whether it's your meeting with me or anybody else you can never capture everything in one session and working through
Richelle Direny: Whatever it is that you need to work on. So if it was, if you were meeting with me for depression.
Richelle Direny: That it's over the course of many sessions that you work through that and if depression is what
Richelle Direny: propels into or is the catalyst to your addiction. Then we're going to be working on your depression if your anxiety is the catalyst to your addiction, then that's what we'll be working on whatever
tim: I feel like my living situations catalyst my addiction.
Richelle Direny: But then if that is the catalyst and if that's the core of what's going on right now that makes you have the urge, I'm not saying that you
Richelle Direny: Know, I'm not saying, and I'm not suggesting that you have it right now. But if it is the catalyst that makes you you know
Richelle Direny: Have thought of using or whatever that is, if that's your stressor right now. If that's your overwhelming situation right now. That's what we work on. That's what we talk about now.
Richelle Direny: It's not effective to say, let's do that once a month or once every other month. What can you really do once a month or once every other month that
Richelle Direny: That's not going to be effective you I mean how therapy works is that you meet with your therapist, whether it's weekly until you get to a place where you're able to cope with your situation, then you move into once a month or once every other month
tim: So what are you suggesting
Richelle Direny: You tell me. Because you just said that you don't want to meet
Richelle Direny: For. So you tell me
tim: I would suggest to me more if you if you suggest that I mean you're the, the boss here.
Richelle Direny: Tim. This is I'm going to answer, I'm going to ask you a straightforward question I will always recommend weekly sessions, but are you able to meet weekly. Are you at a place where you can meet we
tim: Know, I would miss miss it a lot.
Richelle Direny: And why do you feel you're missing a lot because you're saying that
tim: So many other things going on throughout the week.
Richelle Direny: So what will work for you, then
tim: Believe me, if
tim: I had an individual and group once a month.
tim: That's what I was doing with God.
Richelle Direny: Now I want you to think about this question, and I want you to answer it fairly is it that you've just gotten used to meeting with Jody be clean.
tim: And, you know, no i i feel like she was definitely on my side. And she understood everything that I
tim: had put forth to her and she understood and respected it. So that's why
tim: That's why we were able to focus on what we focused on and still be able to render for that we had
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So we go back to you would prefer one someone so then we can meet once a month, once a month.
tim: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So we'll just meet once a month.
tim: I feel like you're not happy with that.
tim: Yes.
I feel
Richelle Direny: Happy. It's fine if you want to meet again i like i said once a month is fine, you are if you were not meeting with someone else outside if I was the only therapist who will be a very different conversation.
tim: But I understand. I understand that and i would i would i would consider that an option. If I was able to be alone with this other
tim: Party, and I'm not able to do that.
tim: I'm able to go see my therapist. My parents aren't there I can talk about what I want when I mean with you guys restricted I talked about 16 my addiction and
tim: That's, that's kind of what I have to do. There's no I can't, I can't, like,
Richelle Direny: What are their days that is better for you are times it's better for you, where you feel like you have complete privacy.
tim: During the daytime like
tim: I mean, they're always
tim: In and out. But during the daytime, like how it used to be like 1130 1030
tim: Those times I'm usually completely alone. Other than that.
tim: Those people here, or no, no.
tim: These late at night. Both my parents are here so that doesn't help at all. There are blocks away in the room right now because I tell them that I need to be alone for individual and they're not happy with that they will make me feel like, shut up about it since I brought it up.
tim: Like I'm hiding something.
tim: And I've already conveyed conveyed. I've been conveying how I feel about this truthfully, honestly, from the heart to my parents since day one and
tim: Like I said, things aren't going to change between them.
What
Richelle Direny: You're saying anything. You're saying any day during the day is necessary.
tim: During the week does I'm
tim: during the weekdays when they work.
tim: I'm alone at 1030 1130
tim: And that's usually when I have to be up for doc for Argo.
Richelle Direny: Hold on, I'm looking at the calendar home.
Richelle Direny: exactly one month today march 5
tim: March 1 not doing anything.
Richelle Direny: Is nine o'clock too early for you.
tim: Nine o'clock is a my mom's leaving for work at 939 30 like ton
Richelle Direny: 939 30 and what time do you do you meet with Dr.
tim: I'm
tim: every three weeks, love and I are other thing that's all yeah 11am Mundus
Richelle Direny: Oh,
tim: Sometimes I have to show up in group for some for some reason he's been giving me only three works on Monday at three weeks of vacation every month. So I have to keep calling back in a group and ask them for a
tim: Or and getting my last three phones, which has been kind of weird.
Richelle Direny: I have you for exactly one month from today. I'm at 930
tim: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay then. Alright, so we'll check back in. And like I said, even though it's someone from now.
Richelle Direny: We meet for group actually that same week on the third
Richelle Direny: Because you're one someone
tim: That's fine.
Richelle Direny: That will be the first Tuesday would be the march. The third is
tim: What time is it 636 30 bring on
Richelle Direny: Each other in a month in that time on
Richelle Direny: This think about like what I said I
Richelle Direny: Know, you said that you just didn't
Richelle Direny: Really know how to answer that question. But, you know, you have
tim: Yeah, I'll try to go on it and and figure out an answer for it the way it was childish. So I need to think about it more
Richelle Direny: Okay. Alright, man. Thank you so much.
tim: Thank you. Have a good night.
Christine Campbell: Hi.
Richelle Direny: Thank you so much for taking a little bit earlier.
Christine Campbell: Yes, I actually thought it was tomorrow, so I'm glad you text me
Richelle Direny: What tomorrow, you have
Christine Campbell: Okay, all right, two different things.
Richelle Direny: Tomorrow you have
Christine Campbell: OK.
So,
Richelle Direny: The first time you've met with anyone outside of
Richelle Direny: The center.
Christine Campbell: Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Just
Richelle Direny: Just the kind of
Christine Campbell: The preliminary of programs.
Christine Campbell: And each
Christine Campbell: Time, that's
Richelle Direny: What are your for individual
Or your meeting for groups.
Richelle Direny: That
Richelle Direny: Are able to make it like just
Christine Campbell: Like how I sent you the message just now.
I'll let
Richelle Direny: Me.
Richelle Direny: Let me know.
Richelle Direny: That you know he
Richelle Direny: Won't be a major
As well, or for merchant.
Richelle Direny: Whatever the
Christine Campbell: Destination same
Christine Campbell: Send the
Communication.
Richelle Direny: For Rent is for you.
Richelle Direny: And groups.
Christine Campbell: Once a week.
Richelle Direny: And then use
Your medications.
Christine Campbell: If
Christine Campbell: Offered right
Christine Campbell: Here.
What
Christine Campbell: Are you breaking up.
Christine Campbell: I
Christine Campbell: Noticed that when I talk
Christine Campbell: To you.
Richelle Direny: Are you talking to me from your phone.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm hearing a little scratchy like I'm getting a little feedback.
Christine Campbell: That's a crappy phone, no.
Christine Campbell: It's like Wi Fi phone. Okay, maybe that's
Christine Campbell: Okay, a couple of weeks, we'll get another one.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, the other thing is
Christine Campbell: That we always ask me,
Richelle Direny: There are other people
Richelle Direny: That is, that will join
Christine Campbell: Us in this room.
Richelle Direny: We always ask
Richelle Direny: A headset or
Christine Campbell: What other people
Christine Campbell: Are in a headset.
Richelle Direny: To wear a
Christine Campbell: Headset when you're out.
Richelle Direny: But if you're
Richelle Direny: When you're
Richelle Direny: Private
Richelle Direny: Confidentiality. You don't want
Richelle Direny: Anybody else around
Christine Campbell: Here. Oh.
Christine Campbell: Oh yes okay I got, I got it. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: You know, and always be
Richelle Direny: A place where you have the wise wise to
Christine Campbell: Be enabled for one
Christine Campbell: Hour that you meet, whether it's
Christine Campbell: Excel for
Richelle Direny: Either way, you just, you know, you're in the arm.
Richelle Direny: Where you have Wi Fi to be
Christine Campbell: Right.
Richelle Direny: It is everything that it
Richelle Direny: Said it's held confidential. Let
Christine Campbell: You
Richelle Direny: Share something that
Christine Campbell: You're thinking to yourself, or any
Richelle Direny: Time. Any thoughts.
Richelle Direny: That
Christine Campbell: Are
Christine Campbell: Going on, because
Richelle Direny: Whatever it is.
Richelle Direny: But I'm going to
Christine Campbell: Find therapists option for
Richelle Direny: You
Christine Campbell: At the
Christine Campbell: End today.
Often
Christine Campbell: I didn't hear the last part, how often what
Richelle Direny: At the end of our time.
Christine Campbell: Tonight.
We will
Christine Campbell: Come up with a plan for
Richelle Direny: How often you went on.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Okay, so let's get started.
Richelle Direny: So, for
Richelle Direny: How did you hear about bright
hearth.
Christine Campbell: My step daughter actually
Christine Campbell: Even just like about me. I just decided to, you know, tell her about it and I didn't know about her.
Christine Campbell: And then she told me about this and I was waiting to go see another doctor but you guys came first was kind of hard to find it. All it really was.
Christine Campbell: With the medication everything
Christine Campbell: stoked, down, up, taking it was crazy. I can't believe I didn't find anybody
Richelle Direny: Your daughters and your
Richelle Direny: Orders in the progress.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: So you said that she told you about the Suboxone program.
And
Richelle Direny: How you started
Christine Campbell: Are you ready right heart. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said that
Richelle Direny: You didn't know about her and
Christine Campbell: Now, right.
Richelle Direny: That must have been a very yeah
Christine Campbell: It's crazy. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: I mean, turned on me. Good thing I mean she's doing fine. I never knew you know
Christine Campbell: I didn't know she had a problem and I, you know, I guess. Well, nobody knew I did either though.
Christine Campbell: kept quiet.
Richelle Direny: When I was no it's not an open. You guys are both of working on
Richelle Direny: On your recovery.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, okay.
And
Richelle Direny: She see the same physician, you're seeing
Christine Campbell: I don't know.
Christine Campbell: Oh,
Christine Campbell: I really like that.
Christine Campbell: So we didn't like talking about who we talked to her anything
Christine Campbell: She just, you know, told me you know about you guys, and how to, you know,
Christine Campbell: Get ahold of you. And that's it. And we haven't really talked about it at all.
Christine Campbell: Since then,
Richelle Direny: You're in. You're in Ohio, or you're in
Christine Campbell: Tennessee. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Have you ever been in any
Christine Campbell: Ever like if
Christine Campbell: You have never been
Christine Campbell: I've never been a program before
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, this is your first time.
Christine Campbell: Right.
Christine Campbell: I want to just did it just the end of December, their
Christine Campbell: First time for that too and I decide that got claustrophobic in there, man, bad I just stayed like a day and a half.
Richelle Direny: Talks.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, it was a detox programs.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, Neil. Kennedy.
Christine Campbell: Was just a week.
Christine Campbell: Away.
If you need
Christine Campbell: Our sessions together. It's
Richelle Direny: All going to be
Richelle Direny: Capturing
Information
Christine Campbell: Plan at the end. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Could you just give me some
Richelle Direny: Insight and background on
Your drug of choice.
Richelle Direny: For
Christine Campbell: How long it's been
Asked
Christine Campbell: Was heroin and I just the government about a year.
Christine Campbell: I just had enough of it when you know I just couldn't couldn't do it in the war just too much money couldn't keep fooling everybody you know all came crashing down clotted
Christine Campbell: I've had a history there like anxiety and depression and pee pee.
Christine Campbell: Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
Christine Campbell: So I'm always like, I've always kind of anxiety, not just reach for something, anything, it would escalate to do that.
Christine Campbell: Okay, so if I could, would probably if I would have kept going to the psychiatrists and, you know, taking the meds and probably what now but also a bad habit colon and then I'll feel better. So that I won't go back, you know,
Richelle Direny: When you said
Richelle Direny: A heroin.
heroin addiction.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, the year, year and a half.
Richelle Direny: Prior to that, did you have like alcohol or anything.
Else.
Christine Campbell: Oh, yeah, yeah. I used to drink a lot or means a lot. I don't drink hardly at all anymore, very rare. I don't know what changed that. Probably because I used to be able to drink it works. I did get a
Christine Campbell: drink a lot and
When did that start
Christine Campbell: I haven't drank for like two years, other than meal. Once in a blue moon.
Christine Campbell: Every day for 10 years maybe
Christine Campbell: I'm just, I don't ever have no problem. Stop. And I just stopped.
Christine Campbell: And of course, when I go out, you know, party up or whatever the recreational
Christine Campbell: That more I'm too old for that show
Christine Campbell: Don't go anywhere anymore.
Christine Campbell: I don't want to hear too old.
Christine Campbell: Happy staying home.
Christine Campbell: pretty much always did something rather always have my handsome somewhere other
Richelle Direny: So, but you're
Richelle Direny: More
Christine Campbell: Alcohol for over 10 years in
Christine Campbell: Your monthly income from anxiety.
Christine Campbell: Need something to call me down or, you know, that's pretty much where all that starts
Richelle Direny: And it's
Richelle Direny: The alcohol.
Richelle Direny: With your anxiety and then you
Richelle Direny: Move on heroin.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, quit drinking and moved on to that. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Well now, yes. I stopped drinking and lived under heavy drugs.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: I'm just
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Christine Campbell: What
Know you were gonna say something
Christine Campbell: I just said, I just realized that I didn't really think about that before I quit doing one went to another.
Christine Campbell: quick drink enema heroin.
Richelle Direny: And you just sold since starting right heart is what you know you're on a
Richelle Direny: Smartphone, you were never taken
Whatever.
Christine Campbell: We're never
Christine Campbell: Never, never.
Christine Campbell: Going to be your first one I mean I've know I bought it before and I bought it when I was cleaning myself up there to before you guys were able to give me someone's buying it.
Buying it off.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I mean it really goes hello keeps your. Hey, wake up every minute of the day. All you're doing is thinking of how you get more how to get more
Christine Campbell: I don't ever want to go back to that am pleased that you don't think so much
Christine Campbell: Like really not much at all. You don't fill a need to
Richelle Direny: Where are you seeing
Christine Campbell: Do you see a surface or
Sometimes
Christine Campbell: I, I, I got a family doctors and she gave me a
Christine Campbell: Oh, I need a psychiatrist. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: When it
Christine Campbell: Packs.
Christine Campbell: To do.
Christine Campbell: Prozac, but I just started taking it.
Christine Campbell: About three weeks ago that I'm going to get into
Christine Campbell: A needle psychiatry. So I've always had one
Christine Campbell: You know, but then I quit going to go back, but I need one for sure.
Richelle Direny: Also, before so
Richelle Direny: You weren't you weren't as our cries for
Christine Campbell: How long ago did you start how long
Christine Campbell: Oh, it's been a couple of years.
Christine Campbell: Well actually didn't give me anything because they found out was on drugs so they couldn't kick me out.
Christine Campbell: That was about a year ago.
Christine Campbell: But before that,
Christine Campbell: I spent a couple years.
Christine Campbell: Find one I like them. I don't know. Don't take me back at that one place I should ask them. So kind of like dumb.
Christine Campbell: I always hate when you go back and go through everything over again your life story.
Christine Campbell: rather good background.
Richelle Direny: And for
Christine Campbell: You
Christine Campbell: Did you guys aren't psychiatrists, right. No, no. Yeah, I got my desk here. I don't think so.
Christine Campbell: Okay, so I'll definitely find mine.
Richelle Direny: Will just get individual therapy.
Christine Campbell: And then you will see the
Christine Campbell: Depression.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Stuff happens
And you said it's been
Christine Campbell: Years since you've seen success with
Christine Campbell: Everyone
Christine Campbell: That it's been years since you've seen
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So your primary has been for Bing.
Christine Campbell: Bing whatever antidepressants.
Christine Campbell: Or insight.
Christine Campbell: Yes, yeah.
Like appropriate medication.
Richelle Direny: Comments.
Christine Campbell: homicidal ideation.
Richelle Direny: No one ever
Have you ever attempted
Have you ever
Christine Campbell: Any overdose.
Christine Campbell: I didn't want
Richelle Direny: Unintentional
Christine Campbell: Oh, no.
Christine Campbell: So it wasn't intentional. Oh.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, no, I didn't mean to.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it was
Unintentional
Christine Campbell: Unintentional yeah
Okay.
Richelle Direny: How long ago.
Christine Campbell: Eight months.
Eight months ago.
Christine Campbell: So what
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Christine Campbell: You said that
Christine Campbell: Your history. So when
Christine Campbell: You have
Richelle Direny: Nobody in your family.
About it.
Christine Campbell: No they did not know nobody knew
Christine Campbell: I just told my husband lately.
Where you
Christine Campbell: Know, I was at work. So I lost that job.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: When you
Richelle Direny: When you overdose. You lost
Right.
Christine Campbell: Yes.
Richelle Direny: And so
Richelle Direny: The hospitals ever thought anything of it.
Christine Campbell: I just went for like an hour and I walked out
Christine Campbell: Man, make me stay or nothing.
Christine Campbell: And they didn't call you.
Christine Campbell: Know, I told him you were allowed to
Christine Campbell: Nobody
Actually
Richelle Direny: And so what were the
Richelle Direny: Circumstances pulling your husband.
Christine Campbell: To me, can
Christine Campbell: Actually taking it pretty good.
Christine Campbell: But, you know,
Christine Campbell: He's very judgmental person.
Richelle Direny: But he's know your history of
Alcohol.
Yeah.
The hero.
Christine Campbell: And he doesn't know he did not know.
Christine Campbell: What
Now you said
Christine Campbell: Yes. Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Christine Campbell: Now let me ask you this.
Christine Campbell: Mr. Campbell. Oh.
Richelle Direny: No.
Christine Campbell: No.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of
Family
Christine Campbell: Is there any
Richelle Direny: Has
No history.
Christine Campbell: Family history.
Christine Campbell: Of drugs, no.
Christine Campbell: Got aunt uncles and answer drank a lot. I don't think they did drugs.
Christine Campbell: Just alcohol abuse your horse.
Richelle Direny: On both sides.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
What about parents
Christine Campbell: Oh my god would have been the
Christine Campbell: Feedback so much was younger, he screwed a stomach up so he couldn't drink anymore. My mom, she rarely drink.
Christine Campbell: Very
Christine Campbell: You're a lot older than me way older
Christine Campbell: They said,
Christine Campbell: They kept a lot of things. Hush, hush.
Who
Christine Campbell: My parents
Christine Campbell: They were old school.
Richelle Direny: When you say they were way older meaning.
Richelle Direny: That they had later in life.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, are they still alive.
Christine Campbell: No.
What about your
Christine Campbell: Brother.
Christine Campbell: Strange
Christine Campbell: Relationship with your brother. My brother is very weird. Yeah, I have one brother. That's all we do not
Christine Campbell: talk very much because it gets on my last nerve.
Christine Campbell: I tried to avoid them a nice time but I don't like talking to him.
Christine Campbell: Does he have a history of
Christine Campbell: Nothing.
Christine Campbell: Hibernate
Richelle Direny: You're
Richelle Direny: Older than
Christine Campbell: Know he's two years older than me.
Had both
Christine Campbell: Yeah, yeah. They're well in their 30s or 40s.
Christine Campbell: It was easy to pull the
Christine Campbell: Younger i'd lie to my long so easily.
Christine Campbell: So,
Richelle Direny: You said
Richelle Direny: You said that your dad.
Richelle Direny: Had alcohol.
Christine Campbell: Was a happy.
Christine Campbell: Brothers were known for drinking a lot. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And when did both parents passed away.
Christine Campbell: My dad.
Christine Campbell: Maybe 2025 years ago.
Christine Campbell: And my mom just thought about 10 years ago.
Christine Campbell: Maybe
Christine Campbell: We were never close, you don't. I mean, I still love them, but they're old.
And before
Richelle Direny: They both died. Oh.
Christine Campbell: My God, I have a heart attack and my mom had dementia.
Christine Campbell: They were both old like my dad was
Christine Campbell: Close to 80 my mom was 83
A history of mental illness.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: My brother's mentally. Oh, for sure.
Christine Campbell: Nobody believes me totally talk to them and beat them, then they're like, oh god.
Christine Campbell: He don't know it really don't think it but that's, I can't stand and talk to them.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, he's got high anxiety to
Christine Campbell: My aunt and my uncle. Yeah, both sides. Yeah, they don't really know what's wrong with them, but there was definitely
Christine Campbell: Some crazy going on.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Family history.
Richelle Direny: There was not
A diagnosable
Richelle Direny: It was nobody was ever
Diagnose
What you're actually the behavior.
Was it like a pattern.
Christine Campbell: I have no idea. They were ever went to a doctor for it. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you were just
Christine Campbell: Saying they
Christine Campbell: Don't from was cold, too. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And no history in your
Richelle Direny: Family have
Christine Campbell: Not in my family, but like kids side.
Christine Campbell: It's massive.
Christine Campbell: Like for an immediate family killed themselves in their father.
Richelle Direny: On your
Christine Campbell: For your
Christine Campbell: Life family, I guess.
Richelle Direny: That that's from your
Christine Campbell: House.
Christine Campbell: It's what
Richelle Direny: How many children do you
House.
Christine Campbell: For
Richelle Direny: all from the same father
Christine Campbell: I'm the oldest one is not from a different guy. Number three, it's the same father
Christine Campbell: And so you're saying that from
Christine Campbell: Your
Richelle Direny: oldest child or your other
Richelle Direny: The one
Christine Campbell: That had
Christine Campbell: The three
Christine Campbell: The three younger ones.
Richelle Direny: They have
History of suicide.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, they honor. Yeah, their family. Yeah, their dad side.
Christine Campbell: A lot
Richelle Direny: Of your porch.
Richelle Direny: History of drugs.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Oh wait, my kids know the
Christine Campbell: Time is her good now. They're fine.
Richelle Direny: Are there.
Christine Campbell: History MY DAUGHTER DOES
Christine Campbell: What do you like to lose.
Christine Campbell: Weight
Christine Campbell: I've lost weight. What
Christine Campbell: You my kids have a history with drugs.
Richelle Direny: I think your phone has
Richelle Direny: A delay when I speak.
Richelle Direny: It seems like there's a delay.
Christine Campbell: In you hearings here. Hey, I know does
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: How many
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you have four children, you have
Richelle Direny: three sons and daughters or sons and
Christine Campbell: Daughter. Yes. What are their
Christine Campbell: My sons are 3533 32
Christine Campbell: And my daughter's 30
Christine Campbell: Children.
Are in there.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And then you have your
Daughter
Christine Campbell: Yeah, she's right between everything she's 32
Richelle Direny: Okay, and she's
Christine Campbell: In that's the on the outside.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And when then he said that your
Richelle Direny: Youngest quarter.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, she's definitely got some mental issues and definitely
Christine Campbell: Use them. I'm not sure what but I don't know. Probably crack heroin.
Christine Campbell: When we talk, but you don't tell me all that
Christine Campbell: And then my step daughter choose
Christine Campbell: But yeah, I know she's got like she'd bipolar or something, something ready to go right crazy sometimes
Christine Campbell: Like, just out of control.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Christine Campbell: You have a pretty close relationship.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, pretty much. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Like, I got a great relationship with all my kids.
Richelle Direny: And none of them have
Everything.
Christine Campbell: And they don't have a history of
Christine Campbell: No, thank God.
Christine Campbell: I always worry about, but because of their father not but their nails. I asked them all.
Christine Campbell: They said no, they don't think about it at all for the last thing they should ever wanted to
Christine Campbell: Just tell me a little bit about your background.
Christine Campbell: You're
Christine Campbell: Driving by
Christine Campbell: Most
Christine Campbell: Mostly everything started when my kids father was New Year's Eve.
Christine Campbell: 1991 to work came home had a beer went to bed and woke up with my son's friend tell him he shot himself and so good a bit on the basement of his buddy down there and the other guy shoots himself.
Christine Campbell: So yeah, that kind of started playing. Is it
Christine Campbell: He's not your
Christine Campbell: my kid's father. Yeah, and his friend.
Christine Campbell: They shot themselves in the head.
Christine Campbell: Don't know why.
And you got
Christine Campbell: Your husband your kids.
Richelle Direny: Oh, um, any
Christine Campbell: Of us. Oh, my kids father and his friend, they both did it, two of them.
Richelle Direny: Downstairs.
Christine Campbell: Of the room that
Richelle Direny: We're living right
Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Counselor.
Christine Campbell: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: And this was
Richelle Direny: When it started all of your
Anxiety.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And
Christine Campbell: How many years ago was
Christine Campbell: So 1990 so 30 3030
Or
So, and this was
Richelle Direny: Prior to that,
Christine Campbell: Is that what started but also
Christine Campbell: Now, prior to that, I was just a young
Christine Campbell: I didn't really do much better. I mean I got on the weekend stalled out, you know,
Christine Campbell: Then do nothing, every day.
Richelle Direny: When this happened. One night when they both committed suicide.
Richelle Direny: When your children.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, they were sleeping.
Christine Campbell: They were little.
Richelle Direny: And you've never had any
Christine Campbell: Did
Christine Campbell: That was said, I don't need counseling. Every time I go
Christine Campbell: Into give me Xanax or volume or
Christine Campbell: terza Paxil get all kinds of stuff.
Christine Campbell: Totally remember anything goes.
You got a lot more medication.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, they always gave me medication that then I tried to like feel better. I guess is that always just stop going after a few years.
Christine Campbell: Now, to go back to somebody else and start all over again and then stop going there.
Christine Campbell: I don't know why did that but outside do i'm not i can't do that anymore. I gotta go.
Christine Campbell: Crazy.
Richelle Direny: Wasn't that it
Christine Campbell: Each time that you
Playing
Richelle Direny: Anxiety.
Richelle Direny: Provoking
Christine Campbell: Surrounding prepping for
Richelle Direny: The drama.
Richelle Direny: And then you start
Christine Campbell: I don't know what, maybe I just want to stop going to the doctors. No, I don't know why. Oh, maybe go back yeah be anxiety building up. It's like couldn't take anymore. Know how to go back to the doctor.
Richelle Direny: So then you just
Richelle Direny: Thought it was
Christine Campbell: effective medication.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, probably. Seemed like for probably for four or five different psychologists
Christine Campbell: And I'm hoping I get one of those
Christine Campbell: Things.
Richelle Direny: Happen, you know,
Christine Campbell: I just going just to get an
Christine Campbell: Honor I did see a
Christine Campbell: Therapist or counselor around or what he was
Christine Campbell: Because I was gonna go psycho actors, but I thought he was gonna help me with, you know, the drug problem, but he wasn't so I ended up not going back there because accounts are totally straight up, it wasn't. But I did talk to him. I really liked the guy to that's kind of
Christine Campbell: It's late. It's too hard, like I understand like counseling.
Christine Campbell: I don't know, but whatever really work.
Christine Campbell: You know, for stress and that
Christine Campbell: Stress out a lot or home. And that's where I have a lot. You can't really
Christine Campbell: Tell somebody
Christine Campbell: Give them that URL. When somebody screaming something in your face.
Christine Campbell: You know what next room yelling at you all the time. You can't really calm down and ain't gonna happen.
Christine Campbell: That's your current situation.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well, you're saying that you don't think
Christine Campbell: Therapies gonna
Christine Campbell: You're
Christine Campbell: Not listening.
Christine Campbell: It's true.
How long you been here.
Christine Campbell: Lately the last few weeks in the oven. Good. You know, it's we've fought a lot less a
Christine Campbell: Lot less still
Christine Campbell: Controlling
Christine Campbell: Louder and yells whole time.
Richelle Direny: Have you been married
Christine Campbell: 29 years
Christine Campbell: You guys got married. Yes.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, yeah. Well, we got we live for living together. I just kind of that we got married and really married like 25 years
Christine Campbell: We lived together for eight years.
Christine Campbell: Then we got married.
Christine Campbell: Um, so
Christine Campbell: I don't know along that no no
Christine Campbell: Whatever 20
Christine Campbell: So about a year after year.
Christine Campbell: Each other, same year.
Christine Campbell: And we started seeing each other. Not too long after that really
Christine Campbell: So few months.
So you said you did.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So you
Richelle Direny: What about your children.
Christine Campbell: They've never had it. No, no, they were real little and all that happened very little.
Christine Campbell: Don't remember anything.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Christine Campbell: And they've had a pretty good there.
Christine Campbell: They did all the good in school and I can't really complain at all.
Christine Campbell: Yes.
Christine Campbell: plug my phone in
Christine Campbell: You are
Richelle Direny: You're currently employed.
Christine Campbell: I just got hired someone like
Christine Campbell: This year alone, I had three different jobs just couldn't get
Christine Campbell: The addiction was too much. I just couldn't do it. And I've always worked. Yeah, always. I was great worker. I mean, my bosses love me, but this year. They didn't like me.
Christine Campbell: How are you
Richelle Direny: Know, are you able to
Richelle Direny: Um,
How would I
Christine Campbell: How were you able to keep it a secret.
Christine Campbell: From your addiction to power your husband.
Joey's
Christine Campbell: Very hard. But I did it.
Christine Campbell: Just dead.
Christine Campbell: So he wouldn't question when
Christine Campbell: He questioned me. All right. Yeah.
Christine Campbell: He knew something was up. I didn't know what
Richelle Direny: Your highest
Christine Campbell: Level High School.
Christine Campbell: Education Education.
Christine Campbell: 11th grade.
Richelle Direny: So,
Christine Campbell: You said that you're in the process of working
Christine Campbell: Out I start Friday.
Richelle Direny: Oh, can
Christine Campbell: You start a new job.
The phrase.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You said that you're working on getting
Christine Campbell: We're going to what
Richelle Direny: You're working on trying
Richelle Direny: To find
Christine Campbell: Oh yeah well going to I have Tony not know I need one.
Christine Campbell: So I wanted to talk to you guys set it up, you know, you guys did that too. I didn't think you did just want to make sure
Richelle Direny: What would, what is your
Richelle Direny: What is your goal, working with
Richelle Direny: What is
Christine Campbell: What would you
Like
Christine Campbell: I'm Stan
Christine Campbell: Stan off the drugs.
Christine Campbell: Don't want to go back to that just didn't just to
Christine Campbell: Be comfortable
Christine Campbell: Not
Christine Campbell: Go about day to day life with out
Christine Campbell: Worry
Christine Campbell: I mean, you know,
Christine Campbell: Just, I don't wanna. I don't want to go back to drugs at all.
Richelle Direny: If there was something that
Christine Campbell: That you think is
Christine Campbell: What do you when you look at you.
Richelle Direny: And
Christine Campbell: You know,
Maybe struggling
What are some
Richelle Direny: Issues.
Christine Campbell: I don't know.
Christine Campbell: I'm not sure I understand.
Richelle Direny: When you think about
Richelle Direny: What you
Richelle Direny: stated earlier was that
Richelle Direny: You know, for
Richelle Direny: Your anxiety.
Isn't
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: From the alcohol.
Christine Campbell: Instead, when
Richelle Direny: You need
Something bigger and stronger.
Richelle Direny: Anxiety.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, like I when I get anxiety. You notice that like
Christine Campbell: I will, I will grab whatever I don't care what it is. I got some medicine sitting there for five years. I'll put it in my mouth.
Christine Campbell: I have to know that I'm taking something, you know, I mean,
Christine Campbell: At least for now I do anyway.
Have you ever had. I got to know
Christine Campbell: What the anxiety attack. Yes. Well, we
Richelle Direny: Had an anxiety.
Christine Campbell: It's been a while.
Christine Campbell: Probably about close to the years have lunch or something.
Christine Campbell: They're horrible.
Christine Campbell: Get where I wouldn't be able to leave the room or got cider breeds.
Christine Campbell: Talk. Oh god, it was so bad.
Richelle Direny: What brings on your
Christine Campbell: Sometimes, I'm not sure. Like, I don't know, I just start thinking about
Christine Campbell: Like the bad things or demonizes the kid and stuff and I'm just also i can do is I'll just sit there and just take all the bad things I've done
Christine Campbell: And it just makes
Christine Campbell: It. I can't stop it.
Christine Campbell: Makes me feel warm and then I just and I stress out about it.
Christine Campbell: And then that's usually what kind of time to not really sure.
Christine Campbell: Why, but, uh, and the ones I was telling my brother take care of my mother and I was working and I go there, sleep over my mom's house and then we're and it was so stressed out. Now I just
Christine Campbell: I just sat there, start crying. One day, which is not like me.
Christine Campbell: And
Christine Campbell: That's what brought that on. Just don't you know just too much pressure.
Christine Campbell: Meter just do this, do that now. I feel like I have to do everything, nobody else will.
Christine Campbell: You would like to work through your anxiety.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And it seems like what the
Track
Richelle Direny: With your
Christine Campbell: Your husband.
Christine Campbell: Know committing suicide.
Christine Campbell: He and his friends.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, think about that a lot. I mean, so long ago just actually hate him for that. I hate him.
Christine Campbell: To somebody
Christine Campbell: Sounds like, like you said, You've never really
Richelle Direny: You're kind of
Christine Campbell: Just like picked up in this kind of
Richelle Direny: Thing.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: I
Richelle Direny: You know,
Christine Campbell: Like I said,
Before
Richelle Direny: You meet once a week.
Richelle Direny: Every other
Like
Christine Campbell: Okay.
Richelle Direny: That's what I would recommend
Christine Campbell: I would say
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to
Christine Campbell: Get a manageable.
Christine Campbell: Number. Yeah, definitely. Well,
Christine Campbell: I know that like know the pros out will help and I just started taking it takes like two months, Stephen. You know, I just always say, just make sure not sweat the small stuff you know just takes a little edge off, you know, I mean, it does help a lot though.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, will help and wait for it to work that I know it takes time. But I've always had always had, like, good.
Christine Campbell: Every time I was on it was you know i i like to be on it.
Christine Campbell: Phil as
Christine Campbell: As stressed out.
Christine Campbell: Or they just don't bother us as much
Christine Campbell: So I know that will help. Yeah, definitely. Tomorrow. Tomorrow I'm gonna make an appointment.
Christine Campbell: Kind of interesting.
Christine Campbell: A Medicaid, it's a
Christine Campbell: God can't remember.
Christine Campbell: Care source.
Christine Campbell: Here's what I mean.
Like
Christine Campbell: A little bit to try again.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, it's hard to find a
Christine Campbell: Doctor sometimes
Christine Campbell: But I'm pretty sure I could go back to my
Christine Campbell: One of my two psychologists, I'm pretty sure one of them will take me back.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Feel like
Richelle Direny: Because
Richelle Direny: There's
From us
Richelle Direny: Being in a room.
Christine Campbell: Where you're saying
Richelle Direny: It of
Whatever.
Richelle Direny: That will
Christine Campbell: Increase the need
Christine Campbell: Like you said, one right
Richelle Direny: Are just a
Christine Campbell: Feeling
Richelle Direny: You know,
Christine Campbell: It's really up to you.
Every week
Richelle Direny: Every other week.
Richelle Direny: We can go with, let's start off with every other week.
Week that we can do every
Christine Campbell: Okay, alright. That sounds good.
What days.
Christine Campbell: Either I don't know my work schedule and you know yet so i i don't know
Christine Campbell: But I know I'll probably be working in the evenings.
Christine Campbell: That's all I know. I don't know. Nothing else.
Richelle Direny: You said you
Richelle Direny: Start this Friday. Right.
Christine Campbell: Yeah.
What time
Christine Campbell: She's gonna call me tomorrow. I don't know.
Christine Campbell: I mean my
Richelle Direny: My next
We could do my next available.
Christine Campbell: One is that
Christine Campbell: The 19th at seven.
Christine Campbell: Okay. All right.
Christine Campbell: If you
Christine Campbell: See anything
Richelle Direny: Or to
Richelle Direny: THE 70s.
Richelle Direny: During the day,
Christine Campbell: Oh, I don't know. Yeah, I don't know yet. You know, I don't know my schedule.
Christine Campbell: But maybe during the day might be better.
Christine Campbell: Yeah, I don't know, like I won't know until I get my schedule.
Richelle Direny: And you said you're not sure
Christine Campbell: I'm pretty sure I'm going to be closing. I'm pretty sure I'll work like probably four or five o'clock till midnight, probably, I don't know. You know what days.
Christine Campbell: Not positive of that, but I'm pretty sure because she said she's going to train me to close. I know they close at midnight. So
Richelle Direny: If you would like
Richelle Direny: I took
Christine Campbell: Her
Richelle Direny: Maybe one o'clock.
Christine Campbell: Okay, yeah, you know what, that sounds good.
Christine Campbell: Okay, 17th at one o'clock.
Christine Campbell: And then after we meet
Christine Campbell: Then
Richelle Direny: We can then determine
Richelle Direny: After we meet that
Richelle Direny: Come your schedule by then.
Christine Campbell: Oh, yes. Right. Yes, definitely.
Richelle Direny: You have any other questions.
Christine Campbell: Any questions.
Christine Campbell: No, not right now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, um,
Richelle Direny: When she let us know on Friday, you
Richelle Direny: Start on Friday. So once
Richelle Direny: You know,
Christine Campbell: I should know at some point. Tomorrow I don't I don't I don't know.
Christine Campbell: Alright, so
Christine Campbell: If you know
If you find out tomorrow.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, if you find out tomorrow.
Christine Campbell: You can let me know if not
Richelle Direny: I'll send you a reminder for the seven
Christine Campbell: Yeah, it's probably it's probably okay. But yeah, I'll definitely let you know.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then.
Richelle Direny: All right, Christy. Thank you.
Richelle Direny: will review your
Christine Campbell: Growth.
Christine Campbell: And then we'll go
Christine Campbell: Okay, yes. Thank you so much.
Richelle Direny: You're Welcome. Have a good
Night.
Christine Campbell: Are you too. Thank you.